README.md, before:

haskell-club
============

The first Rule of Haskell Club is.....

Read http://learnyouahaskell.com/

Homework Schedule:

- Week 0 (10 Dec)
Read Chapters 1, 2 + 3 of [LYAH] [1] by next class - *Monday 17 December*

- Week 1 (17 Dec)
Read 4 and 5 of [LYAH] [1] by next session, which will be on *Monday 7 January*

- Week 2 (7 Jan)
Read 6 of [LYAH] [1] for next time, which will be *Monday 14 January*
If you can, take a look at questions 8,9,10 of http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/99_questions/1_to_10.  We shall be doing (a subset of) these in the session!

- Week 3 (14 Jan)
Try questions 16,17 and 18 from [99 Problems - Haskell] [2]

- Week 4 (21 Jan)
Using fold, try questions 5, 6, 7 from [99 Problems - Haskell] [2]

- Week 5 (28 Jan)
Read 9 (I/O) of [LYAH] [1] by next class
Write an [Eliza bot] [3] , or [Monkey Island insult sword fighter] [4]

- Week 7 (25 Feb, due 4th March)
Implement a Functor (ideally not one covered in class), and write tests for it
    - [Real World Haskell has a chapter on QuickCheck](http://book.realworldhaskell.org/read/testing-and-quality-assurance.html), a specification-based test framework


  [1]: http://learnyouahaskell.com/                              "Learn You a Haskell - book"
  [2]: http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/99_questions/          "99 Problems - Haskell.org"
  [3]: http://nlp-addiction.com/eliza/                           "Eliza Bot - example"
  [4]: http://ansible.wikia.com/wiki/Insult_swordfighting        "Monkey Island - Insult Swordfighting"

Commit message:

Adding session 9's homework to README

README.md, after:

haskell-club
============

The first Rule of Haskell Club is.....

Read http://learnyouahaskell.com/

Homework Schedule:

- Week 0 (10 Dec)
Read Chapters 1, 2 + 3 of [LYAH] [1] by next class - *Monday 17 December*

- Week 1 (17 Dec)
Read 4 and 5 of [LYAH] [1] by next session, which will be on *Monday 7 January*

- Week 2 (7 Jan)
Read 6 of [LYAH] [1] for next time, which will be *Monday 14 January*
If you can, take a look at questions 8,9,10 of http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/99_questions/1_to_10.  We shall be doing (a subset of) these in the session!

- Week 3 (14 Jan)
Try questions 16,17 and 18 from [99 Problems - Haskell] [2]

- Week 4 (21 Jan)
Using fold, try questions 5, 6, 7 from [99 Problems - Haskell] [2]

- Week 5 (28 Jan)
Read 9 (I/O) of [LYAH] [1] by next class
Write an [Eliza bot] [3] , or [Monkey Island insult sword fighter] [4]

- Week 7 (25 Feb, due 4th March)
Implement a Functor (ideally not one covered in class), and write tests for it
    - [Real World Haskell has a chapter on QuickCheck](http://book.realworldhaskell.org/read/testing-and-quality-assurance.html), a specification-based test framework

- Week 9 (15 April, due 22nd April)
Complete in class work, which is to create a data type on which you cannot call tail when it is empty (code from class is in code/Session9). Bonus points for finding a way to do this generically, without the Foo-<NumberOfArgs> stuff.

  [1]: http://learnyouahaskell.com/                              "Learn You a Haskell - book"
  [2]: http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/99_questions/          "99 Problems - Haskell.org"
  [3]: http://nlp-addiction.com/eliza/                           "Eliza Bot - example"
  [4]: http://ansible.wikia.com/wiki/Insult_swordfighting        "Monkey Island - Insult Swordfighting"
